doc for opaque (#1696)
verus-lang/verus: source/docs/guide/src/opaque.md

# Modules, hiding, opaque, reveal

> One possibility of Z3 timing out is that it's trying to unwrap a function definition too aggressively. This especially happens when a spec function is complex, or contains problematic quantifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One possible cause for verification timeouts is unfolding a function definition that is especially complex, or contains problematic quantifiers.
```

> To alleviate this, you can use `opaque` to hide the body of the function from the verifier. You can then use `reveal` to selectively reveal the body of the function in places where you want the verifier to unfold its definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent automatic unfolding, you can use `opaque` to hide the body of the function from the verifier. You can then use `reveal` to selectively "reveal" the body of the function in places where you want the verifier to unfold its definition.
```
